Tweak templates for the comment on Air and/or Jarl failures (#201)
palaeoverse-community/palaeoverse: .github/workflows/templates/air-only.md

<!-- format-lint-check -->

> :x: This Pull Request failed our automated **formatting checks**. Please resolve these prior to requesting review. We use Air to automatically format R code. Please [install it](https://posit-dev.github.io/air/cli.html) (you might need to close and reopen RStudio after that) and run the following command in the terminal (not the R console) to reformat the code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:x: This Pull Request failed our automated **formatting checks**. Please resolve these prior to requesting review. We use Air to automatically format R code. Please [install it](https://posit-dev.github.io/air/cli.html) (if you are using RStudio, you may need to close and reopen after that) and run the following command in the terminal (not the R console) to reformat the code:
```
RE closing and reopening RStudio, is this limited to just RStudio, or would it also be the case for Positron?

Author: I think this depends on the OS, I didn't encounter this issue on Positron and RStudio on Linux but we got it in RStudio on macOS yesterday. I don't know if we'd have this error on Positron on macOS. What about this?

> you may need to close and reopen RStudio/Positron after that

Reviewer: Looks good, you could also just go with:

> you may need to close and reopen your IDE (e.g. RStudio/Positron) after that

This should then catch everything?
